한·미 청소년 디자인씽킹 인터뷰 가이드 The youth here versus back in Korea. What are maybe just a couple of things that you notice, things that you saw students doing or ways that they were engaging that might have been a little different? Mutually notice? Any observations? Anybody get to see some students engaging? What did you see? In the back table? Anybody? And again, focus on their assignments or being used in a lot of work on Israel. Yeah, that is a huge difference. So that's been my observation as well, that most students who are doing any type of academic work are oftentimes doing it on their computers. And in fact, even in class, many students take notes on their computers. If you saw students with their phones out, that might be considered rude. Because we don't know what they're doing, even though we don't know what they're doing on the laptop. The laptop just seems more professional. So they might be opting for that. Even though they have the same sort of processing power. So it's a good observation. What else do we notice? On the back? Style was buffet and normally in Korea, we serve especially some specific food menu. So that was the difference between the Korean and the American. And how were students in the buffet? Were they acting any differently here than they would in Korea? Normally they serve three or more than three plates in front of them so they can enjoy various foods. Yeah, here now, so yeah, they just have their sort of one plate. They've gone and they picked it themselves. Good. What else? They don't mind? Nobody was running around. Many people are familiar. Some people were swimming. A student in my program, she's in the Liberty Slumber, three gold medals. That might turn it. Okay, so like the iceberg, right? With all of these pieces, there might be indicating something deeper than what we observed. So, like, in the instance of people using laptops instead of phones, that could have to do with culture. It might also have to do with the types of apps that are available on the types of phones that they're on. Maybe not actually being great for writing notes or doing things like that. That could be something we don't know. We would have to ask them. The way that people eat lunch here and how that's different—that might actually impact the way people communicate or talk when they're having lunch. Here, despite the fact that we have some buffets, students tend to eat alone. Even though when they have a big class door, they see a lot of tables. There'll be one student sitting by themselves. And very rarely do they go out. That speaks to something around where their priority is or what they're seeking to achieve for those lunch breaks. How quickly they're eating might be another thing that is significant. One thing I've observed about students—many years I've been here, seven years now—is they're very efficiency minded. They time everything out because they have very limited amounts of time and they pack their schedule really tightly. Oftentimes forgoing things like being with people, friends, stuff that would actually bring them any type of social comfort. Something to observe in your face. All of the things are maybe like, I guess the right attitude that we should have right now is to see something and wonder why is that the case? When we pull together the interviews, we're going to get to talk to some students, and that's going to be like one data point, right? They're giving us a response. But I also want you to be comparing that with what you are observing all around you all the time. Even the students that are walking here, but there's a student eating lunch by themselves right now. Maybe getting ready to go into a class. So all of those things should come together and coalesce and give us a deeper understanding of what's actually going on. There's more; there's a lot of different ways to capture it. All right, thank you for doing your moderation. Continue to do that throughout the week. It would be really interesting.Many people—let me say this first—the B school is like on top of being an interesting research institution, there are also like a really good marketing company.

Because they made very famous the shape of a hexagon. Anybody familiar with the hexagon crates? They look something like this. I actually have one right here. Look, they're right here. Can I borrow this? Anybody seen these hexagons? Empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test. Very classic. So. There's a lot of different ways to sort of slice up the design process. Whatever works for you, if that makes sense to you, that's fine. I actually like it. I prefer it in three different steps. And a six that I combine together.

But I just want to speak through the entire arc of design, talk about where we're at now, and also give some indicators to where we're heading. So, as with many things, I'll say this: The design process is seldom ever do you get to start at the very beginning and then have a conclusive end. It's more like a cycle. And at multiple parts of that cycle, you'll be using different sorts of design skills from each of these different steps. So don't ever say, "Well, we're done with research and needs finding, so we can't do empathy work at the end. I mean, that was supposed to happen in the beginning." That's not how it works. You can always go back and ask more questions. You can always go and look for more research that will help you inform the things that you're doing and learning.

So it's cyclical. But here's how it works. Human-centered research and need finding—simply ask the question: How do I identify challenges that are happening in the world that I might want to do something about? So when we talk to Gen Z, like, what are some of the needs that they have, and how might LG help with some of those things? You're trying to understand what's below the surface. Researching behind—how do I identify real-world challenges? Synthesis and ideation says, if we take all of that research and need finding—qualitative and quantitative data—I'll talk about that in a minute.

And we synthesize it down, meaning we try to extract meaning from it. Those ideas that we come up with will help us generate solutions. So synthesis is about taking a lot of information and trying to understand what it means. So we had four different observations. I gave a little bit of my own inferences into what I thought was going on. If we combine those together, we might be able to come up with some interesting ideas that would help a student find comfort or to find whatever they were looking for.

That's synthesis. This is also where we do the "how might we" question. It falls in here. The key finding from the interviews that we'll do today goes here. Prototyping and testing is what you do once you come up with ideas. So when you work through the starter kit this morning, you had four ideas that you shared with your partner. And then they started to give you feedback. Feedback is you receiving information on what you did. That's testing. You're testing it as is. A prototype—you probably aren't familiar.

With prototypes. A prototype is a version of an idea that you have, made tangible so that you can share it with somebody. So before you develop a new phone, you want to make sure that the design of it is appealing or attractive. You want to make sure maybe that somebody that has arthritis, or an adult and a child, can both grip the phone comfortably. Meaning you don't build the whole phone first. You build the element that you want to test with. It is the minimal viable product. You heard that? Very, very, very common.

Sort of product design. So where we're starting is we're going to use some need finding today. We're going to meet some students. We're going to hear what they have to say. I'm going to help you get ready for that. Generate some questions. We're going to take that information and try to understand something deeper about it and then turn it into a "how might we" question. So students need a way to do this because [this].And then turn it into "how might we," just like we did here. We'll take those ideas. We'll pick one.

And then we'll actually try to build a prototype where we can bring those students back and have them test it. That would be like a full design cycle. I think we can do it. Okay. Going to talk a little bit about design research and this concept of empathy. What should the Korean worker emphasize? So you're familiar with it. It means to like connect with somebody else, to sympathize with them or to understand what their context is, what their experience is like. So we can better understand what they're going through.

In a moment. Well, are any of you actually Gen Z? Some, right? So you have a bit of understanding. I'm a millennial. So I need to talk to them to understand, to put myself in their shoes. So the world that I grew up in is dramatically different from the world they grew up in. For instance, I remember a time many years ago where we didn't have these around. If we wanted to meet a friend, you had to pick up a telephone at the house. If they weren't there, you didn't see them. Now I can be contacted and reached 24 hours a day no matter where I am.

Gen Z has not had the experience of not having the phone. They only understand screens. To the extent where I had a friend—they had a baby. So it's the next generation, Gen Alpha. They showed the baby a photograph of their uncle, and the baby was trying to zoom in, like a small child was trying to zoom into the photo. "Hey, we stood at work. Make it big." They don't understand a world without tech. So we have to sort of put ourselves in the position of the new generation. How do we do that? In terms of...

Design research comes from three different places. Well, maybe many more. But these are the three that I think are most important to the type of design work that you're going to do. They come from quantitative research: data, big data, published data, forms, surveys. All these things that you're extracting. Maybe your company has a way of collecting data on how many people are using LG products and how it's like—there's all these numbers—and that can help inform us what is going on. It's only one piece of the puzzle.

Also, there's history and cultural realities that are important to be mindful of. So, for instance, if you design a product for Korean young people, that might not work in the United States. Because we also need to understand their cultural context. And that might be dramatically different from South Africa. So we also need to gain a base understanding of what's going on in their world and how they think about the world, what their values are, and how they interact with each other. To make informed decisions on a product that will serve everybody.

And then lastly, it comes from observations and interviews. So the observations that you did—you have a robust collection of objects because you're doing it all the time. And so your own inferences, your own observations are also useful to the design process. So it can only be data. What you see is data. We're seeing that student ad—I'm picking on this poor student. I feel bad for her. But what we see right now is data. That automation is data that we can use. So even though it's anecdotal, it still can be powerful.

I don't think this will be too technical with terminology. But quantitative and qualitative are oftentimes things that we think are at odds. And typically a lot of companies like to focus on the quantitative, the big data. And they don't have as much interest in what we call the qualitative data, which is the personal stories. But remember what I said earlier when we're doing a starter kit. Psychology has shown us that by and large people make decisions, especially purchasing decisions, based on how they feel.

So if that's the case, we need to be tapping into how people—we have to understand their values, their beliefs, what they care about, how something makes them react. If it sparks joy or fear, those are all things that we also need to take into account.I think businesses that have been very successful do a good blend of both. A good blend of both. Equal measure. Because you do already probably a lot of big data stuff. Like, a lot of companies don't struggle with this. They know how to do that. That's been their bread and butter. We're going to focus on this.

The more personal stories. That's what the interviews are all about. The objective is to truly understand people on a deeper level. Because a survey might show you patterns, but we don't get the most important aspect of what we're seeing. Which is the why. The only reason we can understand why something is going on is to talk to people. So we employ this type of research to get at that why. It means though that if I was to do a survey to everybody in this room and say what did you think about my activity this morning?

I would get a lot of responses very quickly. But if I wanted to know why people felt that way and I sat down with each and every one of you, it would take a long time. So I have to be mindful and thoughtful about how many of these I'm able to do. But ultimately you want to use this type of research to gain more complex understandings of what you're doing and what you're focusing on. So you might have people at LG who have already done assessments as to what type of products people might like. We need to understand now what emotional component.

To that. Help with that. So how do you get this type of information? There's a whole class at the D school around me finding, which teaches people how to do user interviews. Has anybody here ever conducted a user interview? There's a lot of different ways to do it. Our sort of professor that has taught—he owns his own sort of research design thinking research organization. Here's how he thinks the art of an interview should go. So the way that you will do this type of research is not through sending out a survey, but literally sitting down with somebody.

Having some questions and talking to them. And then recording their answers. Here's how it usually works. And again, we see sort of a journey map, right? High emotion. It never goes below the line here though. You don't ever want a conversation to go sideways. Although sometimes they do. If somebody's talking about something really emotional, but that might be a good thing though. You're learning a lot. Anyway. You introduce yourself. You're going to introduce the project. What are you actually working on? What are you trying to understand and learn?

About young people? And why. What is LG trying to do? Tell them, be transparent, be open with them. Build rapport. Try to get to know them a little bit. Make them feel at ease. They have never met you all before. They might not have even ever met somebody, a professional engineer or designer before. That could be intimidating. They might not have even ever met somebody from Korea before. So there's some culture. So they're going to be a little bit nervous. They're young, right? So we want to do our best to make them feel so welcome. And so just like we're happy to be there.

Now the thing about that is, like, I can't tell anybody how to do that. That has to do with who you are. But what I'll say is, find the person at your table that just really loves to talk to people, loves to make jokes, or loves to sort of form warm connections. Myself, believe it or not, I'm an introvert. So I can have a hard time. I like to teach because I'm here performing. But I might not be the best person to do the interview. Somebody who's more bubbly and fun might be better. And that's good. I'm really great at taking notes.

So find the person at your table who is going to be really great to feel a little bit of connection with the student. Evoke stories. What you don't want to do is ask people a bunch of yes or no questions. Do you like cell phones? Yeah. Do you use them? Yeah, that's not telling you anything. That would have been a survey. What you want to do is say, hey, tell me about a time when you used a piece of technology and you felt so great about it.Oh, well, the first time I ever got an iPhone, my mom gave it to me for my birthday, but my mom gave it to me on Christmas. It was a really sweet gift and I knew it was really expensive. So I wanted to, okay, now you're getting a story.

Oh, it was a gift. It feels like a really quality product. It felt like a huge honor to receive something like this. Okay, that's telling us something different than a survey. Explore the emotions of it. Questions like, "How did that make you feel?" are really great things to follow up on. We'll explore that here in a second. But try to get people to talk about their emotions now. Have you ever gone down the street, you're walking around in Seoul, and you meet a stranger and then you just talk about your emotions?

No! That's terrifying. We tend to be very guarded about our emotions. So to get here, to that place, you need to do some warming-up work with them. And that's what I mean by building the rapport. You may or may not get to this place, but you want to get as close to it as you can. Get people to evoke emotion. That's when you know they're speaking from their heart. That's what we want. That's what's driving their decisions. Then after that, you want to use your sort of time at the end to ask any follow-up questions.

Get clarification. Like, if they said something and you didn't really understand it, but they were talking, so you didn't want to interrupt them, go back and ask, "Hey, you mentioned that you were really, really worried about spending time alone. Why is that?" Follow up. And then lastly, say thank you and then wrap it up. But you want to wrap up to like sort of be at a high note. Like, "Oh my gosh, thank you so much. This means so much to us, on top of you providing some really, really great stories."

We just really loved meeting you. You were so sweet. And thank you for sharing with us. Be thankful to them, right? They'll like that. We'll also thank them with a good question. Okay. That's the art of what one of these interviews should feel like. How do we prep for that? Here's a couple tips. And I have a—I made a little sheet for you during lunch. I want all of you to develop an interview guide. An interview guide is not every question that you're going to ask them very robotically. It's not a survey.

It is a guide to help you have a really interesting conversation with the users. And we're following again that same emotional arc. So at the start, the most important thing is that you need to set a good mindset. You are here to learn something about students that you did not know before. You are not here to validate your own assumptions about what they believe. So a student says something, and no, "Ah, I heard Gen Z does this." That's not helpful to you. So avoid things like that. The mindset is you're curious, you're eager. You want to learn. And what they share with you is inherently valuable, even if it goes a little bit off topic.

Try to follow through and see what you're learning from that. It's okay to try to get them back. But you also don't want to be robotic about it. So if I sat down with you for the first time, we had never met. And I was just grilling you, asking you question after question. It might feel a little bit jarring, weird. It should feel more like a conversation between us. It has a direction because you have an energy guide and you question, but it's more than just you going through every single question.

It's about having a nice, friendly conversation. That's important because you really want to disarm people. Remember, we're seeking stories. We're trying to capture what a survey cannot. The first questions that you have—they should be very lighthearted. And also, before you even do that, you need to introduce who you are and what you're trying to do and accomplish. So whatever your team is working on, share as much as you can with them. Like, you work at a company, so maybe there's some things that doesn't make sense to share. And obviously, if you do very technical stuff, you don't want to bombard them with all that stuff.You just want to be transparent, open, and say, "This is why I'm doing what I'm doing."

Here's what we're looking for. And to just show them that you're not hiding anything. Because there will be inherent tension. Like, "Wow, you're interviewing me. About what? I don't really know." If you're open about that on the front end, you will diffuse a lot of tension that can happen. We're not going to have anybody record because we'd have to get all these papers signed and consent, all these things. But you are allowed to take notes, but ask them if you can take notes. Say, "Hi, we really want to remember everything you said so we can use it."

Tell them that you're not going to use their name or what they look like. It's going to be anonymous. But you do want to take notes so that you can remember what they said. If they are asked that, then they feel like they have control. And that kind of creates an even layer when you're having these interview-style conversations. You want it to feel balanced, not like you're interviewing them, but rather you're having a conversation together. So we sent the contacts. "Hello, we're designers from LG."

Here's our names. We're doing this to learn more about Gen Z. Also, this is important. Let them know that there's no wrong answers. They're just sharing their experiences. You can't be wrong. You're not here to impress us. You know, we just want to learn more about you. We don't know enough about Gen Z. We want to learn. That's what you're sort of aiming to talk about when you start asking questions. How do you get stories? So people do this thing where they start talking, maybe more philosophically.

So, oh, tell me what you think. How do you use technology? Well, I believe that technology is the way for innovation—like, that type of answer is not useful to you. Because it's something that they're just sort of saying; that's almost like a talking point. It has nothing to do with their emotions. So instead of saying that, say, "Tell me about a time when you used technology in this way." Now they have to go back and talk about a story. You want to continuously push them to tell stories about things that have happened to them in their lives, things that they could draw a journey map of.

About other good questions. Tell me about a time you felt really surprised by a new product. Or tell me about a time when you found it really hard to find a place to get comfortable. Or a place to connect with others. "Tell me about a time" is a really good way to start one of these questions. An interview guide is going to be the thing that really helps you stay the course. Typically when we talk conversationally, we sort of go off and on topic. And that's okay, but you always want to sort of guide folks back.

An interview guide is some sample questions that you might want to ask. But you don't need to ask them all. What's more important is that you follow through with a conversation. So I'm going to do a couple things. I'm going to hand out some interview guides. But the format of the interview that makes the most sense is we'll bring a student to each table. And then we want one person really to be the one leading the interview. And the other two or three people taking notes. So you need to identify. So together collectively you will come up with questions about what you want to learn together.

But only one person is going to be asking questions. The reason for this is it's easier for you to build rapport with the students you're talking to. You're the only one talking. And to advise people, it's going to feel really overwhelming today. You want to be thoughtful about the way you do it. Before we start, jot down some questions. I want to show you what an empathy interview looks like. So I'm going to interview the wonderful Su**er. And what I want you to do right now is to take notes.

On the way that I'm interviewing—not just the things I say, but even body language. Ready? Did you find music? All right. Folks, you're ready. We're taking notes. All right. Su**er, thank you so much for joining me.Especially because you said maybe you were a little bit nervous about interviews. But I'll do my best to make sure we try to be comfortable. And please, at any point there's things that you don't want to answer or you're feeling overwhelmed, just let me know. We can always stop. We can always take a break, grab some water.

Any of that. So you know me already, but I'm Lo***e—Lou** Montoya. I'm here with B. School. I've been here for about seven years. I really like being here. How long have you been here? I don't want to date myself, but I would say much longer than me. And I got to actually meet you very early on when I started working—a couple of fun things together. And it's been great to get in touch with you more. The things that I want to talk to you about are some things that might have to do with your personal life, your professional life a little bit. But around like how you find comfort, how you use technology, how you find friendship or companionship—like all of those things would be a really great interest to me.

For what I'm trying to learn about. Does that sound okay? Yeah. So first things first, can you tell me about what your favorite place is at home or even here on campus? To just like have some quiet time to read a book or just to find like relaxation? For yourself? Great question. I think it's my couch in the living room. So I live in a three-bedroom house. And one, one bedroom. I have two kids, two boys. So they got the master bedroom with my full twin. But sometimes I just feel like I need my personal space.

So if my husband is taking some rest in the master bedroom, I think sometimes I like to come downstairs and find my own over couch. Yeah, okay. So it sounds like needing a space sort of to yourself is really important to you. And what happens when you're out at an event or even like at work, do you struggle ever to find places where you can sort of do your own thing and focus on yourself? I think when I'm outside, for instance, or when I'm at work. I think it's more personal. But even if I'm surrounded by more people, I feel more by myself and personal because I don't need to engage with anyone.

But at home, I always need to cater to other people, here to my husband. So I think sometimes there's a bit of general. So yeah, it does. It seems like the sort of obligations and responsibilities you have at your home might feel very different at work, and so therefore that layer's not exactly the same. Do you ever have a situation where maybe you're on campus and you're trying to relax or have a lunch break, but then you see students that you engage with, and does that sort of interrupt those special moments for you? Yes. So what I sometimes do is I think I sometimes disconnect with other people. So even if I see someone that I know, a fist saw a really close person, then of course I'll say hi, but is it actually, even if it's a very first person, I might interact and like just like pass by because I would want to engage in.

My own social conversations. Yeah, I'm terrible. No, no, no, it's not about that. These are all the things that you seem to need to do to protect the space. I haven't heard this word before. Yes, yes, yes. By intentionally interrupting with other people. So, and you even sort of made like a physical—is there things that you do to sort of maybe hide a little? Like if I was walking by a loop, like what might just dry it up? Like I'm walking by, well, what might you do? I think I might choose to go a little different.

Ly: Okay, well, I'm hearing you sort of, you know, you talk about you feel bad about everything. Like why do you think you feel bad about that type of behavior? I think ideally, I think I wish I had more social energy. But I think sometimes I think I'm more extroverted, but I'm introverted, but still, I think at a certain point, I just want me time. So do you feel like, I know you didn't use this word, but almost like a sense of guilt when you're not interacting with people? Knowing I get this sense of obligation.That when I meet other people, I feel like I should learn about their life and make sure that they're doing all right. Because I think just like living on campus for so long, I see so many students who are always stressed or I have a lot of graduate students and they have a lot of conflicts with their PIs, their professors. So I've just heard, I've been hearing so many stories so that I feel like if I meet another person, I think I should check in on them and check if they're doing all right, if everything's going well in their life. And oftentimes things are bad.

So, like, once those conversations start, it takes a while to wrap up, you know, if that makes sense. So sometimes I don't want to go into that rabbit hole and open them. So that's why I choose to audit correct. Yeah. Yes. So yeah, that's why I also sort of heard you talk about, well, you know, when I talk to students, they tend to have a lot more like... you know, the more they share, the more I sort of see that they deal with things. Does this then make you sort of budget time around when you talk to people? Like, I only have... I'm walking, you know, I got to go to my next thing. I don't have much time. Are those moments you're more likely to sort of not interact with folks? Yeah, I think it gets closer to like a pickup time for my kids. I feel more rushed. So I always try to pick them up by five. I think anything over 5 p.m., I think I get more anxious.

And more stressful. Yeah, okay. So there's also specific times in the day, and I'm also exhausted. I hear you. Yeah. Are there also just moments like throughout the day where, you know, it's not a time constraint, but you just feel like maybe you don't have like emotional energy to give? Let me think. Yeah, of course. I think it depends. I don't think it's like certain kind of a day. It's more like what's going on in other people's lives. So, you know, if my friends or my sister, if they're having a hard time, I think I also get—I also tend to feel. And I think it's that overall mood that affects me.

And less of a specific time of business. Yeah. So I think I'm affected a lot by other people. Yeah, yeah. My social circle. Yeah, okay. It makes sense. So what I mean—what I heard you say was that—how other people are doing is directly going to impact how you feel. So if you have friends and family members who are having a tough time, you might not have a lot of emotional energy because you're already thinking about them or worrying about them. I think so. And summary for the sake of time, I feel like we have this conversation. Maybe you need to put some time with you.

I want to just first thank you for being so open and for sharing so deeply. You shared some really intimate things about you and your life. I do feel a lot more knowledgeable and closer to her. So thank you so much.

Of course. Right, round of applause.

All right. Okay. What did we notice about that? What did we notice about the way that I interviewed Su**er? What did you see?

Eye contact. Great. Yes. Lots of eye contact. How did you know? How did you know that I had empathy for her? How did you know?

How could you tell that I was empathizing with her? I nod, yes. Yeah. Oh, I match my body with her body language. If she's sort of telling a sad story, maybe I lean in a little bit. Yeah, good, good observations. Yes. What else? What else? What do we see? What do we see over here? What did you see? Same thing. Did you notice the way that we were sitting? We're sitting like this? Why not?